net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.AboutActivity
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.AboutActivity: AboutActivity()
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.PVCDetailsActivity
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.PVCDetailsActivity: PVCDetailsActivity()
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.PVCDetailsActivity: void goToNextRecipient(android.view.View)
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.PVCDetailsActivity: void goToPreviousRecipient(android.view.View)
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.PVCListActivity
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.PVCListActivity: PVCListActivity()
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int AliceBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int AntiqueWhite
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Aquamarine
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Azure
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Beige
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Bisque
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int BlanchedAlmond
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int BlueViolet
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Brown
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int BurlyWood
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int CadetBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Chartreuse
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Chocolate
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Coral
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int CornflowerBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Cornsilk
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Crimson
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkCyan
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkGoldenrod
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkGray
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkGreen
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkKhaki
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkMagenta
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkOliveGreen
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkOrange
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkOrchid
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkRed
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkSalmon
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkSeaGreen
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkSlateBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkSlateGray
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkTurquoise
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DarkViolet
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DeepPink
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DeepSkyBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DimGray
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int DodgerBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int FireBrick
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int FloralWhite
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int ForestGreen
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Fuchsia
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Gainsboro
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int GhostWhite
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Gold
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Goldenrod
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int GreenYellow
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Honeydew
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int HotPink
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int IndianRed
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Indigo
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Ivory
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Khaki
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Lavender
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LavenderBlush
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LawnGreen
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LemonChiffon
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LightBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LightCoral
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LightCyan
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LightGoldenrodYellow
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LightGreen
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LightGrey
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LightPink
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LightSalmon
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LightSeaGreen
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LightSkyBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LightSlateGray
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LightSteelBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LightYellow
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int LimeGreen
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Linen
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Magenta
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Maroon
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int MediumAquamarine
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int MediumBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int MediumOrchid
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int MediumPurple
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int MediumSeaGreen
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int MediumSlateBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int MediumSpringGreen
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int MediumTurquoise
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int MediumVioletRed
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int MidnightBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int MintCream
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int MistyRose
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Moccasin
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int NavajoWhite
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int OldLace
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int OliveDrab
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Orange
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int OrangeRed
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Orchid
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int PaleGoldenrod
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int PaleGreen
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int PaleTurquoise
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int PaleVioletRed
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int PapayaWhip
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int PeachPuff
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Peru
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Pink
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Plum
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int PowderBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int RosyBrown
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int RoyalBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int SaddleBrown
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Salmon
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int SandyBrown
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int SeaGreen
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Seashell
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Sienna
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int SkyBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int SlateBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int SlateGray
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Snow
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int SpringGreen
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int SteelBlue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Tan
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Thistle
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Tomato
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Turquoise
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Violet
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int Wheat
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int WhiteSmoke
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int YellowGreen
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int android_green
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int aqua
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int black
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int blue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int fuchsia
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int gray
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int green
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int lime
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int maroon
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int navy
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int olive
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int purple
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int red
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int silver
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int teal
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int white
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int win8_blue
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int win8_brown
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int win8_green
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int win8_lime
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int win8_magenta
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int win8_orange
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int win8_pink
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int win8_purple
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int win8_red
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int win8_teal
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$color: int yellow
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$dimen: int image_padding
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$dimen: int margin_padding
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$dimen: int textview_padding
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int captain_gurbachan_singh_salaria
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int captain_vikram_batra
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int chm_piru_singh
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int cqmh_abdul_hamid
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int flying_officer_nirmaljit_singh_sekhon
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int grenadier_yoginder_singh_yadav
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int image_bg
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int lance_naik_albert_ekka
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int lance_naik_karam_singh
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int lt_manoj_kumar_pandey
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int ltcol_ardeshir_burzorji_tarapore
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int major_dhan_singh_thapa
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int major_hoshiar_singh
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int major_ramaswamy_parameswaran
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int major_shaitan_singh
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int major_somnath_sharma
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int naib_subedar_bana_singh
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int naik_jadunath_singh
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int rifleman_sanjay_kumar
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int second_lieutenant_arun_khetarpal
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int second_lieutenant_rama_raghoba_rane
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$drawable: int subedar_joginder_singh
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int btn_next
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int btn_prev
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int iv_image
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int iv_list_thumbnail
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int ll_image
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int ll_list_thumbnail
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int menu_about
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int menu_search
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int rl_pvc_details_activity
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int spr_award_details
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int spr_citation
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int strut
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_about
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_award_date
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_award_date_key
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_award_number
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_award_number_key
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_award_place
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_award_place_key
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_birth_date
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_birth_date_key
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_birth_place
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_birth_place_key
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_citation
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_death_date
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_death_date_key
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_list_award_date
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_list_name
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_name
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_p_for_posthumous
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_posthumous
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_regiment
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$id: int tv_regiment_key
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$layout: int about_activity
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$layout: int pvc_details_activity
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$layout: int pvc_list_activity
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$layout: int pvc_list_row
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$menu: int options_menu
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$string: int app_name
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$string: int award_details
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$string: int citation
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$string: int str_about
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$string: int str_about_details
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$string: int str_award_date
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$string: int str_award_number
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$string: int str_award_place
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$string: int str_birth_date
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$string: int str_birth_place
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$string: int str_death_date
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$string: int str_next
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$string: int str_p_for_posthumous
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$string: int str_previous
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$string: int str_regiment
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$string: int str_search
net.thetranquilpsychonaut.pvc.R$style: int my_text_view
